Cyber ​​Awareness Day
OTP Security
Welcome to Cyber ​​Awareness Day
where our aim is to
raise awareness about cyber security and
help individuals protect themselves from cyber threats
In this video we will see Amit and Richa talking
where Richa explains to Amit
how OTPs are stolen and what steps we can take to protect
ourselves from falling prey to this type of attack
Let's begin Vartik Amit did you
hear the news about OTP number theft It's amazing
how easily someone can steal your information
but it's important to understand how OTP numbers are
stolen so we can protect ourselves
If
someone else uses fraudulent techniques
like social engineering to get your password
Social engineering is like phishing or something else
or they can call you and
pretend to be a customer service representative and ask
you to give them the OTP number over the phone
what can we do to protect ourselves
Banks or any service provider never
ask for passwords or OTPs
Thank you for understanding this
We can keep ourselves and our information safe online.
Download from on. Does
not ask for OTP.